README.md, before:

# n8n-nodes-pocketbase

This is a n8n community node. It lets you use PocketBase in your n8n workflows.

PocketBase is an open source backend consisting of embedded database (SQLite) with realtime subscriptions, built-in auth management, convenient dashboard UI and simple REST-ish API.

[n8n](https://n8n.io/) is a [fair-code licensed](https://docs.n8n.io/reference/license/) workflow automation platform.

[Installation](#installation)  
[Operations](#operations)  
[Credentials](#credentials)
[Compatibility](#compatibility)  
[Resources](#resources)  

## Installation

Follow the [installation guide](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/installation/) in the n8n community nodes documentation.

## Operations

Nearly all PocketBase operations for Base collections should be implemented.

## Credentials

Ensure you have an Auth collection in your PocketBase defined and the "Username/Password" Auth method turned on.  

## Compatibility

This was developed for version 1.90.2 of n8n and version 0.27.2 of PocketBase.

## Resources

* [n8n community nodes documentation](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/)
* [PocketBase Introduction](https://pocketbase.io/docs/)

Commit message:

Remove obsolete files and update documentation.
Deleted unused configuration files, including `.vscode/extensions.json` and `index.js`, and updated `package.json` to reflect these changes. Enhanced the README to include instructions for using administrator accounts with PocketBase from version 0.23.0.

README.md, after:

# n8n-nodes-pocketbase

This is a n8n community node. It lets you use PocketBase in your n8n workflows.

PocketBase is an open source backend consisting of embedded database (SQLite) with realtime subscriptions, built-in auth management, convenient dashboard UI and simple REST-ish API.

[n8n](https://n8n.io/) is a [fair-code licensed](https://docs.n8n.io/reference/license/) workflow automation platform.

[Installation](#installation)  
[Operations](#operations)  
[Credentials](#credentials)
[Compatibility](#compatibility)  
[Resources](#resources)  

## Installation

Follow the [installation guide](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/installation/) in the n8n community nodes documentation.

## Operations

Nearly all PocketBase operations for Base collections should be implemented.

## Credentials

Ensure you have an Auth collection in your PocketBase defined and the "Username/Password" Auth method turned on.  
Alternatively, you can use your administrator account and the "_superusers" collection which PocketBase creates automatically since [v0.23.0](https://github.com/pocketbase/pocketbase/releases/tag/v0.23.0).

## Compatibility

This was developed for version 1.90.2 of n8n and version 0.27.2 of PocketBase.

## Resources

* [n8n community nodes documentation](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/)
* [PocketBase Introduction](https://pocketbase.io/docs/)
